---
layout: post
title: 你真的会绩效沟通吗
date: 2024-08-30 11:07 +0800
categories: [管理, 绩效沟通]
tags: [管理]
---

The top driver of engagement for millennials is the opportunity to learn and grow.


> It's performance review season and we all know that performance reviews are an important part of employee engagement and help to raise productivity and employee performance across the board. Here are some performance review example phrases that you can adapt and customize to suit your team members.




## Achievements
1. Improved overall productivity levels by x% or in the following key performance areas.

2. Takes the initiative and is proactive in gathering information, assembling the tools or team members required to complete a project on time and to budget.

3. Sets measurable goals for themselves and the team and regularly monitors performance.

4. Provides strong evidence of achieving x,y or z specific task or accomplishment.


## Interpersonal Skills
1. Works effectively within a team environment to achieve specific tasks or projects such as x,y,z.

2. Is an effective team player as demonstrated by their willingness to help out and contribute as required [specific examples would be helpful].

3. Is proactive in sharing knowledge, skills, and expertise with other team members.

4. Could demonstrate more of a team focus by helping others achieve tasks to complete the overall project.


## Communication Skills
1. Is an effective communicator as demonstrated by x,y and z.

2. Displays the ability to communicate at all levels – up, down and across the business.

3. Regularly contributes ideas and insights to team and project meetings.

4. Room for development of listening skills particularly in team meetings when different viewpoints are being expressed.


## Cooperation and Collaboration
1. Is able to effectively collaborate with team and project members in order to complete a task.

2. Shows a willingness to share ideas, best practice techniques and new ways of doing things.

3. Is a team player and has a cooperative and harmonious disposition.



## Leadership and Delegation Skills

1. Understands the individual strengths of team members and is an effective motivator.

2. Effectively delegates tasks to other team members with clear responsibilities and expectations.

3. Displays a strong work ethic and sets an excellent example for others.

4. Promotes a positive team environment that is reflective of the organization’s culture and values.

5. Is willing to offer support and guidance to employees by [include examples].